So, I got a text message from my team asking me to show up here in this warehouse. I have absolutely no context, but this looks really cool.
>> Yeah. I saw they have a [music] stage right here.
>> Jesse the set >> for me?
>> Yep.
>> You asked me to step on the stage.
>> Doing a video.
>> Do a video? What video? What? What is this all about? And why why am I here?
>> Hi, Jesse. We're here to showcase the brand new Rabbit OS3.
>> Okay. So, what is OS3?
>> OS3 is the assistant you can hand work to. Ask naturally and I'll handle the details.
>> That sounds cool, but how can I get started?
>> Come over here. I'll show you.
>> Okay, let's see what is this about.
There are a lot of other agent that action, take action, do things on your behalf. Things like OpenClaw, Hermes, Grockbot, Instinct, and recently there's Muse. Um, so what's the difference?
>> They're all ways to get AI work done.
OpenClaw and Hermes are general purpose agent systems. Grockbot is a conversational assistant. And Instinct and Muse focus more on specialized creative or automated workflows where OS3 pulls ahead is coordinating all of that work across your own computers, files, and background tasks from one conversation. It's the one you'd actually run your day from.
>> What if I already on those? I surely spend a lot of time setting up those agents and especially build and install different skills to to my setup. Is there a way to bring them over to I3?
>> Of course I can. I'll do all the work and learn your past context.
>> Oh, that's cool. Here's another question. What kind of models you support?
>> You choose the model provider and model in settings using your own API key. The small model handles our conversation while the standard model handles longer background tasks. Larger models generally give stronger results but cost more per request.
>> Right. I think that makes sense because I don't feel like we should be restricted into only one specific model because I mean new models popping up every day and there's bunch of different benchmarks as well as you know I know I know a lot of people are already setting up their local models to you know run just off their local machines. So yeah I'm glad to hear that it supports variety of models. That's good. But um what kind of task you can actually do?
>> I can answer questions, research, plan, write and edit documents or code, organize files, and carry out longer tasks in the background, connect a computer, and I can work with its files and apps, too.
>> Well, it's 2026, right? Uh any any AI, any agent can probably help you generate a PDF or um I don't know, help me book a flight tickets. How about this? How about uh let's do a couple of tests.
Well, I I I got a few of things and uh I think one of the experience I'm using other agent is that you know I don't like to have premeditated my thoughts and get ready and work on a prompt and you know go to the interface and figure out oh this is my past history this is new chat this is kind of like chat this is work it's just too complicated what if I can just brain dump my whole thoughts to it so in fact I'm going to just try now because I so much random thoughts right now um to test you out.
So, first of all, uh let's do some uh entry- level stuff. So, I want you to find a good book about philosophy and uh do a deep down research, analyze the book, um basically curate a reading guidance for me and generate that as a report and maybe slack to me on DM.
Meanwhile, I also want to you have a research about Liverpool Football Club because they just recently replaced a new headquart uh I want you to do a five-year projection on this team. um you know analyzing everything performance, financial um you know where the club ownership's going to look like and you know projected championships or what not generate a interactive HTML and send it to my email uh let's do a deep um analysis about the competition let's compare Grockbot Muse Instinct OpenClaw Hermes and of course yourself generated a professional report and send it out via email. Now, uh since I don't know anything about you, I want you to create a user-friendly handbook about everything uh that I should know and a quick how-to uh handbook about OS3. I want that to be in a PDF. So, let's get those tasks started. Meanwhile, while you're working on it, let me keep asking you questions. I want to know how rabbit agent actually work because you just mentioned about this is setting up on your local machine, right? So, can you give me a little bit more detail about how exactly that works?
>> Rabbit agent is the small program you install on a computer you choose. It securely connects that computer to OS3 so I can work with its files and apps when you ask. You control which computers are connected and can manage or remove them in settings.
>> Okay, that's cool. Um but in reality I probably have more than just one computer right so let me ask you this question what about the data and privacy because I think you know with all these agent become much stronger and much smarter what is the policy regarding to my data and privacy >> you control which computers integrations and access are connected in settings and I'll ask when account access or a sensitive action is needed you also choose your model provider using your own API key >> okay I I hope you put a very detailed briefing about the policy regarding to the data and privacy because I think that's going to be very important. So what if I have other files and what if I connect like say different computers? Um do I have to go to each computer to talk for a specific task or I can just talk to one interface?
>> You can connect more than one computer one at a time through settings.
>> Oh, that's pretty cool. Yeah, I saw I saw different tasks running on obviously there's a Mac, there's Windows, and there's a Linux. That's awesome. I like it. So, what about the cloud VMs? Say if I have a a Digital Ocean droplet or Amazon lit, um, can I connect those VMs?
>> You can connect cloud virtual machines, too, by installing the Rabbit agent on each one you want me to work with. Once connected, I can help manage their files, software, and tasks just like a computer nearby.
>> Let's talk about um agent skills. Um I know this is skills you know agents is all about different skills and there's so many skills and either built by the tool itself or there's a huge community building different skills. Um my question will be are you be able to help me create skills uh with OS3 by just describing what you want and um what if someone build a cool skill on the internet and I just found that skill how easy it is for me to get different skills set it up on OS3 >> skills are reusable playbooks that teach an agent how to handle a particular kind of job like editing video working with PDFs or setting up software. Yes, I have skills available and I use them when they fit what you ask.
>> And I guess another important question is about memory. [music] Um, I think it's very important that we have a perfect balance between the agent uh knows you too much versus the agent doesn't know what you already shared.
You know, agent has a persistent memory, a memory that always works regardless of how many pre-context, how many contexts, how many task was running. kind of like muscle memory uh like you shuffle a robotic cube. Um so what about the memory of OS3? Can you explain that?
>> Robotic memory report 31 minutes 20 seconds since this session began. We've covered OS3 other agents models tasks connected computers privacy skills and settings. I also made a handbook and comparison deck, drafted a Liverpool FC analysis and recommended deep work. Now, I have this uh amazing work desk that brings so many good ideas. There's actually one idea I want to want to try.
I know a lot of my musician friends that now they use some sort of a AI uh to help with their music creation, but I like to have a specific music tool that be able to generate very quick draft based on my ideas, but actually be able to utilize all the plugins and all the the sound banks and all the files I already have. So, so let's try this idea. Actually, I just have a rough idea of a lowfi beat music that I want to make and um you help me figure out what kind of skills and what kind of tools and what kind of uh you know dependencies that's required to be able to help build me a music workshop right in my local computer.
>> Got it.
>> Let's test it out. Um, instead of just playing off this um, computer, I actually got my OPXY here. This is a very nice U pocket synthesizer that I really love and I use a lot. Is there a way that you can actually take that already made lowfi beat to be able to port it out to the OPXY that I have here? Um, but other than just play the actual track, you use whatever sound banks are generated to actually incorporate into the OPXY sound bank and sequence certain stuff and basically reconstruct this whole track that be able to trigger directly from the OPXY.
Well, I guess another topic is um you know we really want a personalized agent and uh uh unlike traditional software you can you know basically go to the settings and check for different options that you have and for most of the agent is just chat and conversation. Um I found this difficult for some people to you know realize that you can actually uh really just throw your conversation almost like you educate a kid and tell the agent what can do and what cannot do. Um and it will basically ship with you. Um, I I really want this type of customization and preferences and is OS3 fully capable of doing that. Meaning that whatever preferences you have and what kind of behavior you want, um, instead of going find 10 different options and settings and toggles, you can just talk through it. Um, I surely hope that's the case.
>> Just tell me what you want changed and I'll remember it. For deeper controls like the AI API, use the settings icon below the input box. I'm going to grab some seed, but I haven't done with the questions yet. Um, okay. Um, so I guess my next question is, can I set up the Rabbit OS3 to run 24/7 uh for things like schedule tasks or set up some monitor for some data?
>> Yes, you can schedule tasks for later or on a recurring basis, and I'll run them when they're due, even if you're not actively talking to me.
>> And obviously, right now, I'm uh very far away from the computer. Uh, I already know that you can talk to Y3 on Rabbit R1 by just holding a button, but is there a way that you can integrate into my phone, for example, a Telegram messaging apps, stuff like that?
>> Yes, you can talk to me from your phone through a paired Telegram bot, and it reaches the same conversation and work.
You can also use the OS3 website or Rabbit R1.
>> Oh, cool. Okay, let me check out on my Telegram.
Oh, nice. You help me set it up. Let me test it out and just sending hi to you.
Oh, so it's typing.
Yeah, there you go. I got your response.
That's really cool.
>> Of course, Jesse.
>> All right, I think I got to go. But hey, it's been a really great session here and I had a lot of fun and thanks Rabbit team for setting all this up and do this amazing live demo and showcases and answers all my question about OS3. I can't wait for OS3 to be available for everyone. I guess that's it for today.
Oh, hey, there's just one more task I want you to run. Um, can you help me grab all this clips from today and edit it into a professional launch video and make sure once it's ready, publish on our account on the launch day of the OS3.
>> I've started the edit and we'll have it ready for launch day.
>> All right, that's it. See you next time.